>>BILLY CARSON: People don't
really believe or understand
the power that they're using
the manifest on a daily basis.
So you have to start thinking
positive about finance.
Stop being afraid of it.
Fear is a low vibration,
low frequency.
When somebody says
raise your vibration,
raise your frequency,
it's a real statement.
It's a real scientific
statement that
can be measured on
a computer screen.
But when you take your
mind from the thought
of hoping and begging
to commanding,
the brainwaves flip.
And the frequency goes higher,
and the wavelengths get closer.
And when that happens, every
thought that you're thinking
goes out into spacetime.
And so all those thoughts
are floating around in space
with data on them.
That data is picked up from
the universal consciousness,
and then it swings
back around to you,
all the things that you need
to make those thoughts happen.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: One of our
audience's favorite guests
is Billy Carson,
with whom I've had
previous wonderful,
enlightening conversations.
Billy is back with
me today to talk
about raising our frequencies
and dovetailing that
into prosperity.
And I have to say, we just
changed the open to the show
this very minute, because
you say, hey, Regina,
I have a book for you.
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
I do my homework.
I had a whole script done here.
Well, you brought "Woke
Doesn't Mean Broke."
>>CARSON: That's right.
>>REGINA: And I thought,
whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, what's this all about?
And you started telling me.
And so I made an executive
decision on the spot.
We're going to talk
about light, and we're
going to talk about
how light is used
to manifest in how we raise
our frequencies through light.
And we can get into that
incredibly esoteric discussion
a little later on
if we have time.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: But what
people really need
is, how do I make this work
in this world right now.
We've had such a tough time.
Is that OK with you?
>>CARSON: I agree.
I love the executive decision.
And I'm so happy you chose that.
>>REGINA: Well, me too.
Now, mind you, I don't know
anything that's in here.
I just saw the book
a few minutes ago.
We've only talked
for a minute or so.
So I'm going to pretend,
like I do all the time
with someone on an airplane.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: You're
sitting next to me,
and I'm going to say, whoa,
that sounds intriguing.
What's this about?
And we'll start.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: So first of all, in
a nutshell, what's this about
and why did you
decide to write it?
And then we'll get
into the book itself.
>>CARSON: Well,
the book itself is
about how to combine
spirituality and spiritual
practices with understanding
how to navigate
this financial matrix.
I think often people
say that people
who are spiritual shouldn't
have financial abundance,
shouldn't be wealthy.
They're supposed to be poor
in some kind of weird way.
They really believe that people
who are chasing spirituality
shouldn't have anything.
I think it's the opposite.
If you're walking around talking
about, you are the light,
the power is in you, we
can manifest our reality,
and you can't pay
a light bill, I
don't think people are
going to believe you.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: And I think abundance
means something different
for everyone.
And that's OK, but you should
walk in abundance 24/7.
And then you need to understand
the financial backing
behind and the instructions
and information
on how to actually achieve that.
So I wanted to combine
the two together.
>>REGINA: OK, so that's
really needed right now,
because we're in a world
where a lot of things
are happening coming out of
the great shutdown, right?
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: You have people who
were doing service industry
jobs and subsistence level
jobs that are saying,
I don't want to do this anymore.
I had a break from it,
it killed my spirit.
You know, they're in despair.
They don't know what to do.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Now, that
is one level that,
I don't know how you address
this level of people who
are in service industry jobs
that don't want to go back
to them anymore, because
the pay's no good,
the hours are long, and
they feel more or less
abused in a lot of cases.
Let's start there at
that level of employment.
And how do you address
people in this situation?
>>CARSON: Most people
in those situations
are some of the most
incredible people
on the planet in terms
of their creativity,
the way that they think.
Their memories are
phenomenal, especially
in the service-- their memories
are incredible at service.
I mean, I go to restaurants,
a year later, people go, oh,
you want this, this,
this, and this.
I'm like, what in the world?
And so these people
have specific passions.
And so I would tell them, the
key is to find your passion.
Get a piece of paper out, get
a pen out-- old-fashioned pen
and paper.
Start writing down the
things that you like to do,
whether it's a hobby,
something you're
passionate about, something
you always wanted to do.
And fill that paper
with all these ideas.
And then start choosing
which passions you kind
of gravitate towards the most.
And then once you do that, start
researching and investigating
what industries need this
passion, what people,
what companies need this
passion that you have--
something you have--
who can use it.
Because the key to making money
is to find a need and fill it.
And so you want to do that,
but within your passion,
so that when you find
a need for your passion
and you provide that need,
that energy exchange-- well,
the side effect is money
in your bank account.
And now you're doing
what you love to do,
and you're getting
paid to do it.
You'll never feel like you
worked a day in your life.
>>REGINA: No, that is very true.
And that's how you live, right?
And I'm lucky to
live that way too.
Most people haven't had a chance
to really move into that zone
yet, because it's not
talked about or really
encouraged in society
at this point in time.
So there's another-- let's
go in two nuances on that.
First of all, so
you have a person
that, maybe they're a little
bit more pragmatic by nature
and may not have
identified a passion,
but they've identified a skill
that they know they're good at
and they don't mind doing.
So the same would apply?
>>CARSON: Yeah, the
same would apply.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: Now, you can
start off working that skill
with another company.
You have to start
off some sort of--
You have to pay your dues.
You always have to pay.
But while you're
working that, you're
learning all the aspects
of how the business runs.
You're doing your research.
You're learning.
And then, on the side you may
start doing your own thing.
That doesn't mean you're
trying to steal business
from that company.
But eventually your main
goal, your main plan
is to be able to
be your own boss.
And sometimes you've
got to pay your dues.
And maybe even have a chance to
branch off from that company,
maybe start a franchise.
But while you're
doing these things,
you have to be able to spend
your money in the right way,
live within your means,
live within your budget,
make the right investments.
Don't keep blowing money
on partying and hanging out
and things that have no value.
At some point, you've got
to say, look, I partied
the majority of my early years.
I've got to sit down
and grind right now.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: In my early
years, I was grinding.
Now I'm at the point, if I want
to, I can sit back and relax.
I flipped it.
>>REGINA: So I
mean, you're talking
about a certain level of
consciousness, obviously,
that needs to be
there to begin with.
I talked to a woman recently
who runs an employment
service for day workers.
And she said, same
thing every year.
In this strata, you're
probably not going
to get the message through.
She said, I've done
this for many years.
Every time there's a
tax season, there's
a little bit of money that comes
back, we can't find workers.
Right now, that's kind
of what's happening
in America, because no one
wants to go back to those jobs.
You're talking
unskilled labor jobs.
And when it comes to that, I
mean, how do you address it?
>>CARSON: I tell people,
listen-- well, first of all,
we have to realize one thing.
You can lead a horse
to water, but you
can't make him drink
because you're thirsty.
I have add a little
extra peace to it.
And so somebody has to
become thirsty for themselves
>>REGINA: Yes, that's the key.
>>CARSON: It's just like being
addicted to any kind of a drug
or anything.
If you don't admit that
you have a problem,
you'll never be able
to get healed or cured.
OK, so the first
thing is, the person
has to be real with themselves.
I have a problem with
handling and managing money.
It's been generational.
Through all the generations up
until me, it's been like that.
Or at least within some
time period, the way
that I started managing
money, it's been horrible.
I have to admit--
that person has
to admit that they've
got a problem with that
and be wanting to-- be
willing to want to learn.
And especially if
they have a family
or if they started a family,
they've got to realize,
wow, I'm just burning
through everything
and turning through everything.
I'm not leaving
anything for my kids.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: I'm not leaving
anything for the future.
And so, yes, you can't
take it with you.
But you can set up
future generations
who are still going
to be here to have
a chance, an opportunity
to maneuver and do
something in this world.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Now we're going to go
off on a sidetrack,
a tangential for a minute.
And this is big for
you, personally.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And this is
something, before we
get in, I'm just going
to kind of flip through
randomly and say, OK,
what about this one here?
You personally are
getting together
with your family in the
not too distant future.
And you're going to have a
party and do a will reading.
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: Now, you're young man.
So some people would say,
wow, you got it together.
You're doing this so young.
But it's far more than that.
And you shared something
with me off camera
that I wasn't aware of.
And you said, this
is not something
that's done in the
African-American community
in general.
>>CARSON: That's right,
in general, not done.
>>REGINA: And it's like, what?
So let's talk about this,
why you're doing this
and what goes on
there that it spooks
a person from doing that?
>>CARSON: Yeah, again,
everybody's heard my story.
I grew up in the ghetto.
And talking about life
insurance policies--
nobody had money for
life insurance policy,
unless they had a really
good city job or something
but they gave them a term
policy that was kind of included
for accidental death.
Nobody really invested
in those kind of things.
And talking about dying
or talking about a
will never happened.
And so quite often
what you would
see, over all these decades
that I've been alive now,
I've seen so many GoFundMe
accounts, so many donations,
or before GoFundMe, selling
t-shirts on the corner,
selling hot plates
of food at the church
to try to raise money
to buy a $5,000 casket.
And so I'm saying to myself,
when is this going to end?
I've got to be
the one to end it.
Even in my own family, when
my mom and dad passed away,
nothing, zero.
>>REGINA: And why is there
fear of talking about death
and what comes after you?
>>CARSON: It's so weird.
It's so bizarre.
It just seemed like some
type of a weird taboo
where everyone-- nobody
wants to talk about it.
>>REGINA: Is it
like it jinxes you
if you talk about your death?
>>CARSON: I believe
that's what they think.
It's like it feels like a jinx.
It means I'm going to die now,
all of a sudden, if I say,
if I talk about it.
There's one thing about talking
about something figuratively
and just talking about it
in general saying, look,
if this happens.
And there's nothing about
saying, I'm going to die.
Those are two different things.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: But they
take it as the other
like, oh, I'm going to die soon.
So this is what we
need to talk about.
And people were, I don't
want to talk about it.
I don't.
Is there something
wrong with you?
Even my own kids,
I said, we're going
to have this meeting about
my will and testament.
>>REGINA: So they know
what they're gathering?
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: They didn't like it?
>>CARSON: They didn't like it.
Why?
Why are we doing this?
I said, because
somebody needs to do it.
And it's going to start here.
I'm going to break this
generational curse.
To now, we're going
to fix this problem.
And if something happens to
me, you guys are going to know.
And I want to record
it on audio and video,
so that nobody's fighting.
Another thing that
happens too, people
who are left some things--
I've seen this too many times--
bickering, fighting, lawsuits.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
>>CARSON: He said this.
She said that.
No, they didn't say that.
No, you're not
supposed to get this.
When my mom passed away,
people came to my mom's house
and started clearing out
things out of the house.
I didn't even have a
chance to go there myself.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: I didn't
even get there yet.
Things are getting
taken out of the house.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
I mean, I've seen that in
films like on islands in Greece
where someone dies, and all the
women come in and just start
scavenging.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
That's what happened, literally.
And I'm like, wow.
Are you serious?
So I said, this can't happen.
>>REGINA: Good for you, Billy.
And I hope the message makes
it out to a wider audience.
I mean, obviously, you're
reaching a lot of people now.
But it's just
something again that I
wouldn't have ever known about.
>>CARSON: There's something
intricate here too.
It's not just my
will and my testament
and this is what's
going to happen
with my businesses and my
percentage of companies
that I own.
It's also spelled
out there specifics
as to what you need to--
what you're required to do
to acquire any of this money.
You're not just
going to get money.
Your credit score has
to be a certain number.
You have to be
gainfully employed
or in your own business.
If you're not, then you
have to go get a job
or start a business and be
in it for at least one year.
If you're like my grandkids,
it's going into a trust.
When they turn
18, they get some.
When they turn 25,
they get some more.
When they turn 30,
You can't give somebody
all that money at 18.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: There's the
requirements in there.
You're not just
going to walk in.
Oh, thank you for the money.
And go you know screw it up.
And you have to come to
my financial workshops,
just in family, and understand
how to manage and use and run
money.
And if you don't attend
them, then you get nothing.
>>REGINA: Right.
Well, what's so amazing about
you is, well, a lot of things.
But you're so highly
developed in this area now.
And we're going to talk about
partly how you out there.
And also the fact
that you're so highly
developed in the world of
esoterica and understanding
the underlying
matrices and principles
behind how manifestation,
how life, how reality itself
functions and essentially
how everything
manifests into our reality,
this third-dimensional reality.
And you're right.
We're totally stupid
if we think that we
can live in a
third-dimensional reality
and not know anything
about how to make a living.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: Doesn't work.
>>CARSON: Doesn't work.
Like, what are we doing here?
>>REGINA: And speaking
of, OK, so I just told you
I'm going to go randomly.
So I opened the page to this.
You can give us a
setup before this.
And I want to talk about
your Billy Club plan.
It says control the matrix.
You have to play in this matrix.
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: So let's start there.
>>CARSON: Well, we have
to first understand
like admitting that you're an
addict or something like that
or a poor money manager,
you have to admit it.
Well, we have to admit
that we're in a matrix.
Some people don't want
to admit that we're
in different levels of matrices.
We have the financial matrix.
We have the esoteric matrix.
We have the holographic matrix.
There's different ones.
The financial matrix,
everybody can relate to that.
There's a system that's
been set up globally
that keeps us working and paying
and paying taxes and churning
and churning and churning,
right, until we die.
Well, we have to
admit that it's real.
Some people don't want
to admit it's real.
It's a real thing.
And you have to know
how to play in it.
So you have to understand
that there's a system here.
But just like Neo in
"The Matrix" movie,
he was able to maneuver through
that system understanding
the inner workings
of the matrix.
He was able to make
it bend to his will.
And so if you're just going to
play by the exact rules that
have been set forth
and you're not
going to figure out all
the different loopholes
that they've actually
provided you,
then you're going to actually
fall prey or fall victim
to suffering in this matrix.
But there's a way to
play in this matrix
to make it work for you.
You just have to understand
the inner workings of it
and what things
you can and can't
do to make it work
to your benefit.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And obviously, 800
and some pages, yeah?
>>CARSON: 688.
>>REGINA: 688 pages.
All right, you got that.
Now, for you,
personally, now, you
started figuring this
out pretty young.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: You were incredibly
creative and flexible
the way your mind worked.
You were resourceful
out of necessity.
You wanted more than your
life was going to give you.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: And so you
started figuring things out.
However, you then wanted
to up the game even more.
And you told me, off camera,
that you have meetings
with a man named Billy.
>>CARSON: That's right.
>>REGINA: And you got
the Billy Club plan.
>>CARSON: That's right.
>>REGINA: And this
man is a billionaire.
>>CARSON: Mm-hmm.
>>REGINA: You share
esoterica with him
and help him gain more
knowledge in his spiritual life.
And he helps you
continue to refine
how to work within the
money matrix of this planet.
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: So let's talk
about that a little bit,
that relationship,
but also where
he started with
you, and maybe some
of the most important
tenants coming from him that
are inculcated into this work.
>>CARSON: Sure.
Absolutely.
So I go to the Ritz
Carlton, if I'm in town.
There's a Ritz Carlton
in Fort Lauderdale Beach
where you can go for breakfast.
I used to walk up and
down doing my walking
meditations every morning.
One day, I saw the sign.
I said, let me go in
for breakfast here.
That's like 10-- that
was 12 years ago.
10 years, so two years
after I started going there,
my waiter introduced me to the
other gentleman named Billy.
He said, look, you
guys are always here
alone at the same exact time.
Why don't you guys talk?
So he introduced me.
I sat at the table.
We had breakfast.
And we started having
a great conversation.
We resonated on
the same frequency.
He's a billionaire who
owns multiple companies
and has a lot of money
in the stock market.
And I was just doing my
thing and esoteric wisdom
and understanding and
the 4Bidden Knowledge
brand and everything else.
And so he wanted to feed
off me for that information.
He loved it.
And he was really
already on that path.
But he couldn't get
a lot of answers.
And then of course, me,
looking for the ways
to find out how this
matrix really works
and finding out what he
did and how he manipulated
and how he was able to really
maximize the finances that he
had and even how he started with
his own personal credit history
from a kid and built
it up by financing a TV
and just giving the TV away.
He didn't even need the TV.
He just wanted to
get credit started.
Little things like that,
that's playing in the matrix.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: You know?
So he knew early on as well.
And so he gave me so
many phenomenal tidbits
of information,
how to buy stock,
what options to get in and get
out, how to have confidence
in your decision,
how to research
the proper stocks,
options, or funds,
which ones to get
in and get out,
who his mentors
are in that area,
and why he makes
these decisions,
and also to give me the
confidence in making big moves.
Because prior to that, I
would make small moves,
a few thousand here,
a few thousand there.
And I'd be horrified.
As soon as something went
wrong, I pulled my money out.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: He goes, you
can't do that, man.
You can't do that.
He says, let me show you
one trade I just did today.
I put $500,000 on Verizon.
You know, it went up $8.
Then I did a swing trade.
I took the money out.
You have to make-- if
you want it big numbers,
you've got to make big moves.
And you have to be confident.
He said, you've mastered
everything else.
You've got to master this.
>>REGINA: The confidence.
>>CARSON: Right.
So he worked with me on
understanding and learning
how to master the research
behind investing into the stock
market.
>>REGINA: And that
you share in here?
>>CARSON: I share it
in there, absolutely.
And then also things like how
to-- understanding mortgages,
real estate.
He owns a big real estate firm.
Understanding
mortgages and lending.
Understanding all these
little intricate things
that really can help you
maximize your portfolio.
So he really taught me
how to build my portfolio
and diversify it and not to
keep your eggs in one basket.
Because then I did keep my
eggs in one basket before,
I almost lost everything when
the real estate market crashed.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
>>CARSON: And I was
telling him about that.
He said, let me show
you how I diversify.
And I've got money here.
I've got money there.
I've got things here.
And so he mixes everything up.
And he's been a
phenomenal teacher for me.
>>REGINA: And so, pretty
much, it pays out.
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: His advice pays out.
>>CARSON: Yes, absolutely.
>>REGINA: And you
got that in here.
So people can say, oh, OK.
I can start digging
around for myself.
>>CARSON: 10 years of
research from me meeting
with him is in the book.
>>REGINA: Wow.
OK, so now what about
some of the common names
you hear around the
markets in general?
You hear like Mark Cuban for
example, some of these people.
Are there any people that
have kind of common names
that you think, they
do their research.
They're pretty good.
That you respect--
>>CARSON: Warren Buffett.
>>REGINA: Well,
Warren Buffett, yeah.
Yeah, Warren Buffett.
Yeah.
>>CARSON: I mean, that's the
name he brings up the most.
>>REGINA: He
usually, wherever he
flows, that's where things go.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
That's one of his mentors.
>>REGINA: Oh, it is?
OK.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
So you know, he's--
>>REGINA: Old school.
>>CARSON: Old school.
Old school.
Serious old school.
That's flowing into him.
And that's flowing
from him to me.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
So this notion about confidence
when someone is, say, just
has enough money now
that they can even
think of starting to make
external investments.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: First of all,
there's another subject here.
And that is the difference
between the male and female
mindset.
>>CARSON: Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: I don't know if
you address that in the book
because women have very
different set of kind
of directives and interests.
So they're looking at
money like, how can I,
not only make this work for
my survival, but for my kids?
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: You know?
So now do you go into these
different mindsets in the book?
>>CARSON: I don't
separate the mindsets.
But the mindset is really
general to what you just said.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CARSON: It's all
about legacy building.
This is really about
legacy building.
>>REGINA: OK, so it really does
take family and care of others
into consideration.
>>CARSON: Yes, absolutely.
>>REGINA: OK, so
looking at that, say,
you're a young person
and you just have enough
that you have a couple
pennies to rub together
that you don't need right away.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: And you
might want to start
by investing in something.
So first of all,
would you suggest
that a home is a good way
to go, to secure a home?
Or would you say, hey,
just keep renting and maybe
go over into this market
that's not as risky?
What would you say for a
young person right now?
>>CARSON: It really kind
of varies a little bit
depending on how their
credit is at that moment.
>>REGINA: Say, they
have decent credit.
>>CARSON: If they've
got decent credit
and they've got
a couple dollars,
I would recommend
getting a property,
a property they can live in.
If they can get a duplex,
that's even better.
Because they can
rent one side out,
and they can live
in the other side.
And that one side can
cover the whole mortgage
for the entire building.
They're living rent
free, mortgage free.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: And they're
taking paying down
a mortgage, which is now going
to report to their credit
history and give them a high
trade line, real estate trade
line.
And now they got renters.
And then once they get to a
certain point financially,
they can then move on to
a nicer, bigger house,
if they want.
And they can rent
both of those out.
And then they got
rental income coming in.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>CARSON: And I also
think a very good thing
to do is to get
into property flips.
There's a lot of wholesale
properties around this country.
I'm talking about
in the millions.
>>REGINA: But how
do people find out?
Everyone says, yeah, but
the banks have all those.
>>CARSON: Oh, no.
There's a lot of websites
that have access.
>>REGINA: For
wholesale properties?
>>CARSON: For wholesale
properties, yeah.
Myhousedeals.com, I go on
there every single day.
>>REGINA: Myhousedeals.com,
OK, I'll write that down.
>>CARSON: Myhousedeals.com,
you go on there.
You pay $400 or
$500 for the year.
And you get access to all
these wholesale properties
every single day all
over the United States.
And you can-- I've
seen houses in there
for $25,000, $30,000 that
only need $5,000 or $6,000
to fix up worth
$115,000, $120,000.
So you can go in there
and buy property.
You can even--
>>REGINA: So the flipping
market is still working?
>>CARSON: It's still
working phenomenal.
>>REGINA: It's crazy
with what's happened
to the economy, what's happened
to people's employment.
>>CARSON: I know.
>>REGINA: How come the
real estate market is still
spinning out there?
>>CARSON: You know,
it's really incredible.
>>REGINA: And rental market,
it's kind of a shame.
And the rental
market, it's hard.
It's pricing a
lot of people out.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
Well, what you're going to
find is a lot of the properties
now that you buy to flip,
they get flipped to investors.
>>REGINA: That's
what I'm saying.
That's kind of the perception.
>>CARSON: That's
what's happening.
The investors are buying them.
And then the investors
rent them out.
>>REGINA: Right.
So they're going
for maximum profit?
>>CARSON: Right, exactly.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Well, where does
that line start blurring over
into then caring for others and
caring for your neighbor that
need to have places to rent?
>>CARSON: Well, that's another
incentive that you can do.
So you can actually
find people that
are in foreclosure
from these databases.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>CARSON: And then you can get
those properties from them,
which saves the house.
And then you can rent the
properties back to them.
That's what I do.
So you can rent the
property back to people
who are in foreclosure.
You have got to qualify them at
least some way, shape, or form.
But you can rent
the property back
to them for a period
of time until they
can get back on their feet
and buy it back from you.
Or you can give
them a time frame
that you can sell the property.
You know?
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>CARSON: But you give them
an opportunity, the chance,
not just kick them
out on the street.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>CARSON: And a lot of
those are coming due now
because of what's been going on.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: There's a lot of
people that were so far behind.
We're going to see, in 2022, a
lot of these new foreclosures.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>CARSON: And there's a
lot of people that would
love to rent their house back.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
No.
That's interesting.
So now going a little more
kind of to the core of it,
so you're in a family that
has jobs that pay the bills.
And maybe you have a
little bit saved up
by the end of your life.
But by and large, there's
never really been a thought,
from generationally, about
anyone building wealth.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: And there's
also not been anything
where someone says, hey,
let's go get something
at the expense of another.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Because that's
a quick way to do it,
but it's not a
good way to do it.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: So you're just kind of
playing it straight generation
after generation.
And you want to
break out and maybe
feel something beyond that.
Where do you start working with
a person on a spiritual level
regarding this?
>>CARSON: Well,
I start with them
understanding the
power of manifestation
and understanding
conscious light waves.
Because that's really
where it all starts.
>>REGINA: Yeah, we can
go into that discussion.
You've given us a little
hint of what's in here.
So let's go into some of the
underpinnings of that now.
>>CARSON: Well, everything
starts from the consciousness
platform.
Just like you have a platform
which is like social media
platform, you have a TV
network platform, everything,
the consciousness platform
is the original and first
platform.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CARSON: And so
on that platform
is a platform of
light, light waves.
And so people don't really
believe or understand the power
that they're using to
manifest on a daily basis.
But if you look
around us everywhere,
everything has been manifested
from thought to reality.
Even this cup was thought in
a brain, and now it's here.
And I can touch it.
So it works the same way
in the financial markets.
It works the same
way in abundance.
You have to, first,
go into a mindset
that you want abundance, not
that you're hoping to get it.
That's a different mindset.
Hoping and wishing for
things is a low frequency.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>CARSON: You want to create
a wavelength, an amplitude
and wavelength in your
mind that oscillates
at a very fast pace, which
means that the waves are very
close together, not spaced out.
And so if you see-- if you put
a wave cap on somebody who's
hoping and begging and
wishing for something,
you'll find that the oscillation
is very slow and wide
and that the amplitudes
are very high,
the trough and the height.
When you get into a
person that is now
believing that something
is happening or believing
in the moment that it's
actually occurring--
>>REGINA: That's what I was
just going to ask you about.
Continue.
>>CARSON: That they're
an active participating
in the now, that it's
for them, the wavelengths
will be very quick,
and very short.
And the wavelengths will
be short and very close
together, which means
they're at a high frequency.
So when somebody says, get in
a high, raise your vibration,
raise your frequency,
it's a real statement.
It's a real scientific
statement that
can be measured on
a computer screen.
And so it's not like some
fancy, you know, gypsy stuff.
It's real science.
And so when you take your
mind from the thought
of hoping and
begging to commanding
and being coherently a
part of the situation,
that it's happening now,
the brain waves flip.
And the frequency goes higher.
And the wavelengths get closer.
And when that happens, every
thought that you're thinking
goes out into space time,
every single thought
from the beginning of
your time you could think.
And so all those thoughts
are floating around in space
with data on them.
That data is picked up from
the universal consciousness.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CARSON: And then it swings
back around to all the things
that you need to make
those thoughts happen.
Now, if you're coming out with
nothing but low frequencies,
you're going to get
back to low frequencies.
When you call somebody on
the phone and say, hey,
how are you?
And they've always
got a problem.
They've always got an issue.
This happened.
That happened.
Everything's always bad.
They're always making bad
things happen for themselves
because of their low frequency.
When you're talking
to somebody who's
got a high-frequency
vibration, always
good things happening nonstop.
This person's lucky.
No.
They're not lucky.
They're vibrating
at a high frequency.
The law of attraction
works in both ways.
So you have to start thinking
positive about finance.
Stop being afraid of it.
Fear is a low vibration,
low frequency.
People are afraid of finance.
Start thinking positive,
high-energy vibrations.
I'm going to command this.
I'm going to master this.
Like Billy told me, you
need to master this.
>>REGINA: So this is the--
really, assignment of will.
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: And will is an
interesting and tricky subject
to yourself.
Because will often
butts up against what's
in the subconscious mind.
>>CARSON: Yes, it does.
>>REGINA: And so let's talk
about that kind of interference
pattern that comes in when
someone says, well, I can--
I want to do that.
I want to start thinking
in that commanding way.
And this thing is
pulling them down.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: They can't
even identify it.
It's in the subconscious.
And there's a lot in there.
>>CARSON: Yeah,
there's a lot in there.
So meditation is key now.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>CARSON: You have to clear
out the subconscious mind.
You have to clear out.
You have to let the cosmic
energy fill you up, fill up
your cup.
So I go into this
manifestation meditations,
where I envision
a bowl in my mind.
And a hand is taking these
thoughts out of the bowl.
Because you can see the
thoughts once you focus on them.
You know what they are.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: And then the
bowl becomes empty.
And in this
manifestation meditation,
I fill the bowl back up
with thoughts about whatever
it is I'm trying to
accomplish, whether it's
a car, a house, better finances,
abundance, whatever it is.
And I'm living that moment.
I'm not hoping that these
things are going to happen.
I'm seeing myself
driving that car.
getting the keys
and opening the
door to my house.
I'm sitting on the couch,
looking around, turning the TV
on, and watching ESPN on
the news or something.
I'm living in the moment
within the meditation,
as if it already happened.
Because in that realm, it's
more real than this realm.
>>REGINA: And it has happened?
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: Once the thought's
out, it's happened.
>>CARSON: Once the thought's
out, it's actually happened.
And so that's the
positive way of doing it.
And then in here, I
have an enormous list
of positive
affirmations to help you
with the abundance in finances.
And you're supposed to say
these consistently all the time.
And those positive
affirmations, in coordination
with the actual manifestation
meditations, and then,
of course, using the tools and
the information and knowledge
on how the finances work
and the positive mindset,
I am going to master this,
not being afraid, but knowing
that you're going to master
it is going to get you there.
>>REGINA: You're right, Billy.
And I think the big leap here,
the leap in consciousness
is understanding, just because
these things are pulling you
down and making you feel
uncertain about yourself,
you literally can--
you could.
That might still be
pulling on your emotions.
But you have the choice
to break that pattern
and say, no, I'm going to go all
in on this because I understand
the nature.
To me, it's about understanding
the nature of reality.
It's not about
overwriting programs
as much as
understanding, look, I
can continue this feeling right
now, this thought right now.
I'm manifesting it in
the other dimensions.
It's going to come back and
whip me around a little bit.
Or I can just go
this other route.
Either way, I'm manifesting it.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Either
way, you manifest it.
>>CARSON: Either way.
And also, if I go
to the restaurant,
I know I'm not supposed
to eat a muffin.
Because a muffin is going
to give you a muffin top.
I got a decision to make.
Do I want to sacrifice
getting this muffin top?
Or do I just not want--
>>REGINA: I make that sacrifice.
>>CARSON: You know what I mean?
You know?
>>REGINA: I'll have the muffin.
>>CARSON: Or do I look want
to look good at the beach?
>>REGINA: But it's a decision.
>>CARSON: It's a decision.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
It's a decision.
You have to choose.
>>CARSON: So like I said, you
can lead a horse to water.
But you can't make them
drink because you're thirsty.
They have to be
thirsty for themselves.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: Somebody has
to say, you know what?
Enough is enough.
It's time for me to--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: I'm building
for generations.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: The elite
people on this planet,
they plan for five,
10, 15, 20 generations.
They plan, 1,000
years from now, this
is what we want to
see on the planet.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: They're not thinking
about paycheck next Saturday.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: Everybody's going,
when I get paid on Friday,
I'm going to go here on the
weekend and blah, blah, blah.
No.
They're thinking 5,000,
6,000, 10,000 years ahead.
I'm like, why?
I should be doing that too.
>>REGINA: How about you?
>>CARSON: No.
>>REGINA: So you're
thinking ahead.
>>CARSON: I'm thinking--
>>REGINA: How far do
you project ahead?
And what do you see that?
Well, because now you can bring
the light, the manifestation,
the awakening of consciousness
to the degree it's going to.
Because we have a
really weird bifurcation
of consciousness right now.
But for those who
want that journey,
what do you see that journey
looking like in the future?
>>CARSON: My goal--
>>REGINA: Even beyond the
world that we have structured
financially right now.
>>CARSON: I told my kids I'm
planning for five generations.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>CARSON: And because between
the planning for the five
generations, the
spiritual teachings,
and the manifestation
techniques,
the financial
training and teaching,
by the fifth generation,
it should be automatically
embedded into the--
through the RNA, which comes
down through the father.
And it should be
embedded into the RNA.
It should be epigenetic
memory by then.
The reason why there are certain
races on this planet that
seem to strive financially
better than others,
besides oppression and
all these other things,
it's because it's in the DNA.
It's in the epigenetics.
>>REGINA: It's been
reinforced for so long.
>>CARSON: So long.
They don't even-- certain
races of people don't even
expect to be poor.
It's not even a thought.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: It doesn't mean
they're all billionaires.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: But there's this--
>>REGINA: But
they're not thinking
in terms of subsistence living.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
They know there's
confidence inside.
I'm going to be OK.
I can always get a job, at
least that level of thinking.
And you're absolutely right.
>>CARSON: Yes.
And so that's what
we're working on.
>>REGINA: That's how it was
in white America in 1960.
>>CARSON: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Post-World
War II white America,
that was just an understanding.
There was no thought
that you were going
to miss your mortgage payment.
You could always pick
up a job at an insurance
agency or a widget factory.
There was plenty to be had.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: Well, that
world has changed.
Those jobs aren't
to be had anymore.
>>CARSON: It's all
diversified now.
>>REGINA: Having it all
laid out for you, where
you can go from 21 to 65 and get
your gold watch, that's over.
>>CARSON: That's over.
>>REGINA: So now
it does come down
to understand the nature of
reality of how we create.
I mean, what you're saying
is so incredibly true.
So I want to talk about your
own personal meditations.
You told me this morning--
because you're a model of this.
I mean, you live it.
You walk it.
You're teaching your kids.
Hopefully they're going to be
living it, walking it, teaching
their kids.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: But you get up.
You got up at 3 o'clock in
the morning in your hotel
before coming here.
You did your meditation.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And then you did your
workout for an hour, you know?
>>CARSON: Mm-hmm.
>>REGINA: And everything
about your shows, the clarity
of thought, your elegance,
your physical appearance
and condition.
Everything you
put your energy to
is apparent the second
anybody meets you.
>>CARSON: Thank you.
>>REGINA: You walk your talk.
So tell us about
how that meditation
goes for you in the morning.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
Well, I have so many
things coming up here
in the next few months
with my business.
I'm trying to get on a platform
for a crowdfunding campaign.
And so there's a lot
of strategic things
that need to happen first.
And so what I've been
doing is focusing
on manifesting that
and maximizing it.
Because now the SEC has
changed the rules because
of the situation and
given a higher cap on what
you can do in the first round.
>>REGINA: Of GoFundMe type
campaigns or crowdfunding.
>>CARSON: Right, exactly.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>CARSON: Business crowdfunding.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: And so I'm
trying to find a way
to have a successful campaign.
And through the manifestation
techniques, doors are opening.
Things are opening.
And I'm on this phenomenal
path of enlightenment where--
see, through the
manifestation meditation,
what happens is the
law of attraction
brings back what you
want and what you need.
But it doesn't exactly
manifest it instant.
It gives you windows
and doors that are open
and plugs you in
connection to things.
Now, you have to have
discernment here.
Because these things
will come into your life
that will connect you
to the next thing.
But if you don't
discern, like, this
is helping you get to your end
goal, it'll pass you right by.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
This is really important.
This is true in business.
It's true in relationships.
Sometimes you, in
a relationship,
meet a person just to prep you
for a certain understanding
of something to meet
the next person.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: And you put
it all on red there.
You know, so this
discernment, when
you're talking about
looking at something
and knowing just that you've got
to follow it to the next step,
do you know immediately?
Or have you learned
to discern what's
just the next step versus
the end of the journey?
>>CARSON: Well,
what I've learned
is that the human
brain perceives
what's going to happen next up
to seven seconds in advance.
These are real
scientific studies.
>>REGINA: Yes, they are.
Yeah.
>>CARSON: And so what
the average person
is doing is, through
my studies I found,
that they're just like
sitting in the ocean.
And the wave crashes over them.
And when the wave
crashes, that's
when they realize the
moment has happened.
And by then, it's too late.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: Just like
if you hear a plane go
supersonic, a jet, once you
hear the noise, it's gone.
It's gone.
It's over.
Once a wave crashes, it's over.
So through understanding
and having a higher
level of consciousness,
you learn
to ride the wave, the
wave of space time.
And because of that, you
can be closer to real time.
Because we're not
living in real time.
We're living in delayed time.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
Absolutely.
>>CARSON: You can
be within that two
to three-second period of
knowing what's happening,
what's going to happen next.
And by that method, you're
living closer to real time.
You live in closer.
You have better discernment.
You have better understanding.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about how
you would apply that in
your morning meditation
to this new
crowdfunding cap issue
that you have to contend with.
What would that look
like in your meditation?
>>CARSON: In my
meditation, what I
see is the end before the end.
So I don't worry about
the steps to get there
because the universe is going
to provide all the steps I need
and all the players that
are going to need to play.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: What I
envision seeing is
the success, the
operations improving,
the staff building up.
I can also see myself
celebrating and having
a celebration with my new staff
and all these different things
happening for that
particular business.
And so I even envision
seeing moving forward
into the next step, which is
going to be like a phase two.
So all these things, I'm
living it and experiencing it
through the meditation.
It's almost like a
controlled dream.
I don't worry about the
little intricate details.
Because all those will
fall right into place
when I need them
and how I need them.
>>REGINA: And that's
really critical.
Because some people
would say, wow.
He's in control of everything.
He's in control of his life.
But letting go of those interim
steps, I've always found,
is critical.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: I mean, I'm a
little tiny person, compared
to you on this financial scale.
But I've been able to
manifest through exactly
the same principles.
>>CARSON: Nice.
>>REGINA: I'm just
a little lazier.
You know?
I don't put as many
hours in on it.
But I've done it through
the same principles.
And it's just hard for
people to understand.
Don't try to control
and let your mind
say, OK, now, OK, maybe
I can make a phone call
to this person.
Stop it.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: Stop it.
Because that person, whoever
the person is, will be there,
or you will get the
inspiration after you're out
of your meditation.
I need to call them.
And it'll be there.
And so talk about this
need of not only having
a clear understanding
of what you
want but a very clear need
to let go of the process.
>>CARSON: Right.
Like Yoda said, you have to be
willing to let go of everything
you fear to lose.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CARSON: OK?
>>CARSON: That's key.
>>REGINA: It is key.
>>CARSON: And so when
you're trying to hold
on to everything--
I had a meeting one
time with another guy.
This guy was a multimillionaire.
And he said, you know,
Billy, you'll be rich.
But you'll never be wealthy.
He was trying to
teach me a lesson.
You'll be rich.
But you'll never be wealthy.
I was like, wow.
Why would you say that?
He says, because you're trying
to micromanage every aspect
of your businesses.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>CARSON: And you want to be
involved in every single thing.
And you want to do
every single thing.
You never make it.
He said, you have to be able
to learn how to delegate out
the workload to other people
and put together teams of people
that you can trust and
you can build with.
If you don't, you'll
never be wealthy.
And there's a difference
between rich and wealth.
>>REGINA: Yes, there is.
And you're talking
at that level.
But if we're talking
at a different level
where the rest of
us play, it might
be this job or this
thing you'd like to do
that you want to manifest.
It's the same principle.
But you're just talking about
your unseen partners and forces
that are working it out for
you because it might only
be one phone call away--
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: --for example.
>>CARSON: True.
>>REGINA: And to have faith
in Life with a capital L.
And this is what I think
is probably the biggest
detriment to society is not
having faith in life itself,
placing it in
everything but the fact
that all these forces are there.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: They're seeking
to uplift you and fulfill
these desires.
>>CARSON: Absolutely.
That's actually the key.
>>REGINA: It's not there
to work against you.
>>CARSON: It's not there
And with the positive,
the right mindset,
these things literally
I've seen it happen.
Manifesting is so
easy for me now, I'm
almost being very cautious
for what I think about.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: Because you've got
to be careful what you ask for.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: And sometimes
when you manifest,
you can bring things into your
reality that will give you
the manifestation.
But there will be a side effect.
This is cause and effect.
This is one of
hermetic principles
that you have to be willing to
now analyze this manifestation.
If I manifest this, there could
be a potential cause and effect
that could be not favorable
for somebody else.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: Do I want to go ahead
and pull this in and affect
this person or these
people or this situation?
Now you've got to
make tough decisions.
>>REGINA: Now, that's
wisdom and maturity though.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: And that's where
more spiritual, I think,
principles would come into play.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
That's more
spiritual principles.
I mean, I could have
manifested an old relationship
if I wanted to.
But I had to think.
That's not-- see, I'm
being I'm being greedy.
It's just all for me personally.
That's going to
create a situation
for other parties involved.
And so now, do I want
to do this for myself
and make myself feel happy?
Or do I want to
make this sacrifice
and realize that's not
the best decision for me
to work on manifesting.
Let that go.
Let them be happy.
>>REGINA: So you're
talking about consequences.
>>CARSON: Consequences.
>>REGINA: Consequences of the
things you choose to manifest.
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: Now, how would
that look in a meditation?
Would you use your bowl and
the thoughts and take them out?
Or what other meditation
would you use for consequence?
>>CARSON: That's
actually how I did it.
>>REGINA: Oh, it is?
OK.
>>CARSON: Because when I see
all these things, you know,
I review the potentials.
Like when I do my
workshops, I teach people,
if you want to bring something
into your reality zone,
you got to realize that there
are superposition potentials.
Everything exists as
a way for potentials.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CARSON: And so based
on the decision you make,
it's going to pull one of
those into your reality.
So I envision these potentials.
And I realize, if I
make this decision,
this is a potential side effect.
Because every decision has
a side effect, whether--
>>REGINA: It has an effect.
>>CARSON: It has a
consequence, whether it's
a good one or a bad one.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: And so I
try to just focus
on the ones that have
good consequences.
Because I realize that bringing
in manifestations that generate
negative consequences to someone
else or some other situation
is going to generate
bad karma for me.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Well, that's down to
your incredible level
of maturity and wisdom
at this point in life.
And you've had to learn a
few things the hard way.
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: So, Billy, we only
have a few minutes left.
So getting in, digging deeper
into this 688-page book,
we only skimmed the surface
of a couple of things,
a couple of principles.
I love that you shared the
bold meditation with us
because we can see
this can be used
for any number of
manifestations or for clarity
and understanding
and discernment.
So give us a couple
more principles
we can go away with for those
who aren't going to get around
to reading the whole book.
>>CARSON: Right.
I think you have to be willing
to be very real with yourself.
That's the biggest
problem we all have.
A lot of people don't want to
be real with where they are.
We can have a
private conversation.
You may want to admit to
me that I'm weak at this
or I'm weak in that area.
Be firm with yourself.
Like, I'm really
weak in these areas.
These are things-- get a
piece of paper and a pen.
Write down the areas,
financially, that I'm weak in.
And then say to yourself,
I need to learn this.
I can go out here,
and I can research
all these different things.
I can watch all
these YouTube videos.
I can study all
these other things.
Why can't I study this?
Something that's going
to directly benefit
me and future generations.
So that's the first
thing I would do.
Be honest with yourself.
What are you weak in?
Stop putting it away.
Stop hiding from it.
We hide from the things.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CARSON: We still
want to be able to do
what we want to do instead
of making certain sacrifices.
In order to get
ahead with yourself,
financially, and your
other generations,
you have to be willing
to make sacrifices.
It can't all be fun and games.
You still want to
have fun and live.
I teach people how
to also live in here.
It's not all like robotic
financial this, this, this.
>>REGINA: And talk
about that, the place
of living alongside
it because Americans
are accused of
being workaholics.
They take two
weeks for vacation,
which is literally considered
abuse in other countries.
So let's focus for just a minute
on what the living part means
to you.
>>CARSON: The living part is
when you find your passion
and you work within
your passion, that's
the most important thing.
That's the big trick
to this whole thing.
Then you can smell the
roses while you work.
First of all, you were
enjoying the work.
>>REGINA: Yeah, truly.
>>CARSON: You're
getting satisfaction
from the outcome of
your actual work.
It's an energy exchange.
And the side effect is money.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>CARSON: And when
you're doing that,
you get a chance to live
the life of your dreams
because you're doing
something that you truly love.
And that's the
premise of the book.
>>REGINA: And there has
never been a better time
to just be yourself than right
now because the old structures
are gone.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: They're not
there for you anymore.
So what do you have to lose?
What does anyone have to lose
to identifying their own truth
and their own passion?
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: Billy,
thank you so much.
>>CARSON: Thank you.
>>REGINA: I need to
hire you as my coach.
Oh, and I want to add one thing.
>>CARSON: Yeah?
>>REGINA: The Billy Club.
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: You wrote yourself
a check for $1 billion
and yet to be due in five years'
time, the billion dollar club.
>>CARSON: Exactly, yes.
The billion dollar
club, the Billy Club,
that's where I'm headed.
>>REGINA: I love it.
Thank you so much.
>>CARSON: That's
for generations.
It's not for me.
It's for the future generations.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Well,
Billy, you're not
an ordinary human being walking
on this planet, obviously.
And we totally
appreciate what you are
and what you show us
and share with us.
>>CARSON: Thank you.
Thank you so much.
>>REGINA: Billy is full of such
tantalizing scientific wisdom.
And you can find out a lot
more by visiting his site
at 4biddenknowledge.com.
And that's what a 4,
4biddenknowledge.com.
You can also see my
previous interviews with him
here on Gaia and check out
his own work here on Gaia.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."